README.md, before:

# myGeographicQuiz

My Geographic Quiz is a small and quick quiz which hopes to demonstrate how Javascript works in a context. The quiz is easy to understand and use. The user 
will test your geographic knowledge on which question that they go through and may learn something. My Geographic Quiz is a responsive Javascript quiz and we
can add some more questions in the future.

![photo of responsive screens](https://github.com/Guiiilhermee/myGeographicQuiz/blob/main/midia/screenshot%20of%20all%20devices.png?raw=true)

## Features 

### Existing Features

- __Create an username and feedback area__

  - This section will allow the user to create an username and leave a feedback for any improvement.

![uname](https://github.com/Guiiilhermee/myGeographicQuiz/blob/main/midia/username%20feedback.png?raw=true)

- __My Geographic Quiz Heading__

  - Featured at the top of the page, My Geographic Quiz heading is easy to see for any user. The user will be able to see the name of the quiz.

![Heading]()

- __The Game Area__

  - This section will allow the user to start the quiz. The user will be able to easily see the number of the question and the multiple answers.

![Game](https://github.com/Guiiilhermee/myGeographicQuiz/blob/main/midia/question%20answer..png)

- __The Score Area at the end__

  - This section will allow the user to see exactly how many correct and incorrect answers they have got. 

![score](https://github.com/Guiiilhermee/myGeographicQuiz/blob/main/midia/score%20area.png?raw=true)


### Testing 

- 



### Validator Testing 

- HTML

    - No errors were returned when passing through the official [W3C validator] (HTML validator)

- CSS

    - No errors were found when passing through the official [W3C CSS Validator](http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator?lang=en&profile=css3svg&uri=https%3A%2F%2Fguiiilhermee.github.io%2FmyGeographicQuiz%2F&usermedium=all&vextwarning=&warning=1)

- JavaScript

    - No errors were found when passing through the official [Jshint validator](https://jshint.com/)
      - The following metrics were returned: 
      - There are 22 functions in this file.
      - Function with the largest signature takes 2 arguments, while the median is 0.
      - Function with the largest signature take 2 arguments, while the median is 1.
      - The most complex function has a cyclomatic complexity value of 2 while the median is 1.     


### Unfixed Bugs

No unfixed bugs

## Deployment

- The site was deployed to GitHub pages. The steps to deploy are as follows: 
  - In the GitHub repository, navigate to the Settings tab 
  - From the source section drop-down menu, select the Main Branch
  - Once the main branch has been selected, the page will be automatically refreshed with a detailed ribbon display to indicate the successful deployment. 

The live link can be found here - https://guiiilhermee.github.io/myGeographicQuiz/

Commit message:

Add features, testing and lighthouse on readme.md

README.md, after:

# myGeographicQuiz

My Geographic Quiz is a small and quick quiz which hopes to demonstrate how Javascript works in a context. The quiz is easy to understand and use. The user 
will test your geographic knowledge on which question that they go through and may learn something. My Geographic Quiz is a responsive Javascript quiz and we
can add some more questions in the future.

![photo of responsive screens](https://github.com/Guiiilhermee/myGeographicQuiz/blob/main/midia/screenshot%20of%20all%20devices.png?raw=true)

## Features 

### Existing Features

- __Create an username and feedback area__

  - This section will allow the user to create an username and leave a feedback for any improvement.

![uname](https://github.com/Guiiilhermee/myGeographicQuiz/blob/main/midia/username%20feedback.png?raw=true)

- __My Geographic Quiz Heading__

  - Featured at the top of the page, My Geographic Quiz heading is easy to see for any user. The user will be able to see the name of the quiz.

![Heading]()

- __The Game Area__

  - This section will allow the user to start the quiz. The user will be able to easily see the number of the question and the multiple answers.

![Game](https://github.com/Guiiilhermee/myGeographicQuiz/blob/main/midia/question%20answer..png)

- __The Score Area at the end__

  - This section will allow the user to see exactly how many correct and incorrect answers they have got. 

![score](https://github.com/Guiiilhermee/myGeographicQuiz/blob/main/midia/score%20area.png?raw=true)


### Features left to implement

- When there is time, I would like to include few more geographic questions.

### Testing 

- I tested playing this quiz in different browsers: Chrome, Firefix and Microsoft Edge.

- The results of this game are always correct.

- I confirm that the colors and fonts are easy to read and understand.


![lighthouse](https://github.com/Guiiilhermee/myGeographicQuiz/blob/main/midia/lighthouse.png?raw=true)



### bugs

- Solved bugs

    - I discovered this because I had try to access an undefined variable
    
    “uncaught typeerror: cannot read property”

### Validator Testing 

- HTML

    - No errors were returned when passing through the official [W3C validator]()

- CSS

    - No errors were found when passing through the official [W3C CSS Validator](http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator?lang=en&profile=css3svg&uri=https%3A%2F%2Fguiiilhermee.github.io%2FmyGeographicQuiz%2F&usermedium=all&vextwarning=&warning=1)

- JavaScript

    - No errors were found when passing through the official [Jshint validator](https://jshint.com/)
      - The following metrics were returned: 
      - There are 22 functions in this file.
      - Function with the largest signature takes 2 arguments, while the median is 0.
      - Function with the largest signature take 2 arguments, while the median is 1.
      - The most complex function has a cyclomatic complexity value of 2 while the median is 1.     


### Unfixed Bugs

No unfixed bugs

## Deployment

- The site was deployed to GitHub pages. The steps to deploy are as follows: 
  - In the GitHub repository, navigate to the Settings tab 
  - From the source section drop-down menu, select the Main Branch
  - Once the main branch has been selected, the page will be automatically refreshed with a detailed ribbon display to indicate the successful deployment. 

The live link can be found here - https://guiiilhermee.github.io/myGeographicQuiz/
